Add aggregator information to docs/index.md file (#17)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-hcloud: docs/index.md

- `token` - API token from Hetzner Cloud.

## Multi-Account Connections

You may create multiple hcloud connections:

```hcl
connection "hcloud_dev" {
  plugin = "hcloud"
  token  = "RCgLZcAGBBGqkr8lTFXCfLhCjNNY6OJtzhg4ZsDRdMvmUwAeLssvLWyRRRdV8lkB"
}

connection "hcloud_qa" {
  plugin = "hcloud"
  token  = "RCgLZcAGBBGqkr8lTFXCfLhCjNNY6OJtzhg4ZsDRdMvmUwAeLzzrLWyRRRdV8lkB"
}

connection "hcloud_prod" {
  plugin = "hcloud"
  token  = "RCgLZcAGBBGqkr8lTFXCfLhCjNNY6OJtzhg4ZsDRdMvmUwAeLmmyLWyRRRdV8lkB"
}
```

Each connection is implemented as a distinct [Postgres schema](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html). As such, you can use qualified table names to query a specific connection:

```sql
select * from hcloud_qa.hcloud_volume
```

> You can multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create multi-account connections by using an [**aggregator** connection](https://steampipe.io/docs/using-steampipe/managing-connections#using-aggregators). Aggregators allow you to query data from multiple connections for a plugin as if they are a single connection.
```

```hcl
connection "hcloud_all" {
  plugin      = "hcloud"
  type        = "aggregator"
  connections = ["hcloud_dev", "hcloud_qa", "hcloud_prod"]
}
```

Querying tables from this connection will return results from the `hcloud_dev`, `hcloud_qa`, and `hcloud_prod` connections:

```sql
select * from hcloud_all.hcloud_volume
```

> Alternatively, can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphbetically, so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `hcloud_all` comes before `hcloud_dev`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use an unqualified name and it will be resolved according to the [Search Path](https://steampipe.io/docs/guides/search-path). It's a good idea to name your aggregator first alphabetically so that it is the first connection in the search path (i.e. `hcloud_all` comes before `hcloud_dev`):
```
